listen how much keep be real with you
this movies been stuck in my head ever
since I saw it I love the songs you know
there's that part in the song shadow
that kinda sounds like Jack Black in
School of Rockford Tammy if I don't have
them all on repeat right I know there's
gonna be those people out there who call
it very overrated I know it's gonna
build a lot of hype leading up to the
Oscars and well I personally think it's
a combo price and I do think it deserves
it
I know that this movie's gonna get a
bunch of love so I want to balance out
this video with the one tiny little
thing that I felt made it incomplete and
how a good have been a true masterpiece
let me explain so there's been like
three remakes of a star is born so
anyone out there complaining about
remakes I guess you can take another
look at them and get some Oscar buzz at
one point Clint Eastwood was actually
gonna direct this with Beyonce and Will
Smith but then Bradley Cooper showed up
and he's like hey I'm already attractive
and connect so why not learn how to sing
in direct so I can make every other male
feel inferior it worked not only is the
soundtrack great but they actually
recorded everything live for the movie
you know not only did they get Willie
Nelson's son to help write the songs but
they went out during Willie Nelson's
concerts and recorded these scenes
before he went on and that was here we
just hopped on the stage and I just said
hi everybody we're gonna shoot a movie
it's all about you thank you and then we
were all terrified the whole crew of yet
no one had really ever done that before
similar to the other ones the story
revolves around the superstar named
Jackson Mane who drinks so much due to
randomly ends up at a drag Club because
he thirsts he meets Hamilton's son there
who introduces him to Allie and he falls
in love with her voice and her nose to
the point that he has to keep looking at
her over and over again they hit it off
he takes her on tour where she ends up
going viral gets signed they get married
she gets more popular as mom man keeps
drinking more than athletes do in a
Gatorade commercial in fact he's so off
the deep end that when he crashes her
Grammy speech high as a kite but Kanye
should have had a talk with him what I
love about the movie though is all the
little subtleties right there's a scene
between Maine and his brother that some
people won't understand because their
voices are so deep they sound like
exhaust systems but if you do hear what
they say you're gonna end up dehydrated
just the fact that Gaga right lady guy
I used to wear meat as dresses out in
public and now she's about to get
nominated for Best Actress in a motion
picture that's insane
Dave Chappelle even shows up for a bit
as an old friend that you know he had
more lines during his Africa hiatus and
he did in this movie but my biggest
thing with the movie right the the big
thing that stood out to me was that as
much as I loved it I still felt that
there was missing parts in a movie that
was already two hours long because
there's points when they're talking
about all the fights that they've gone
through and how bad their relationship
gets but when you really watch it back
they really only got into one fight
during a bathtub scene they keep talking
about the Grammy incident and it being a
huge deal that almost ruined her career
and everything but like we don't even
get like a newspaper clipping on how the
audience actually reacted to it there's
even a point where Gaga starts a prayer
circle before she goes on to a concert
and it turns out that it's an integral
part of her character but I don't ever
remember going to church with Gaga's
character it's not things that destroy
the movie in any way shape or form but
it's things that I think could have been
fleshed out to become a masterpiece if
Bradley Cooper would have made a
miniseries with this I mean think about
it right there's already been movie
remakes on this but a show remake in the
golden era of TV would have been perfect
each episode could have been based off
of a song since the entire soundtrack
already tells the story track by track
it would flesh out all those little
scenes that weren't added to the movie
to really build off the relationship and
it would cover main suicide 13 times
better than any other TV show has right
then right in the finale just as in the
movie Allie would come out for his
memorial as she sings and stares into
the camera as it cuts to the title for
the first time right when a star is born
but I guess winning Oscars is better
than winning Emmys thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section shout out to all the
Gaga fans the monsters who didn't even
watch this video but will complain
because they only read the title and
don't know that I'm actually praising
the movie and was given an option on how
I could do better but I'm cue to know
your guys thoughts down below I'm
telling you right now I'm calling it
right now
this is gonna be one of the most mixed
bags when it comes to the Oscars right
it's getting its praises I definitely
think it's gonna pick up some awards the
music scene first of all when it
down to this and Mary Poppins and
Bohemian Rhapsody when that movie comes
out it's gonna be crazy for the end of
the year but I'm telling you right now
there's gonna be like the lala land of
this year where people are gonna want to
hate it because of how much love it's
getting definitely let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section do you think it should have been
a miniseries or is it fine just the way
it is wrong and saying that we only saw
one fight yet the relationship was
supposed to be a lot worse than they
said it was I don't know I still liked
it
shadows on repeat like I said I always
got if you guys don't know my playlist
down below in the links so if you ever
want to see what this cartoon is
listening to you can definitely go check
those out but definite let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll get another look at
you